Use the \usepackage{cite} to cause your bib references to come out in
osrted order.

Is "Usable" in the title or not?  If yes, why?

Why "Transactions" instead of "Transactional Memory"?

Be consistent on "I" vs. "We".  (Page 17: "We provide efficient..."
Page 18:  "I will present both...")   I prefer "I", unless the context
demands a we.

On page 18: You talk about a system that will be described in Chapter
3, but don't name it.  Name it!

Then it causes trouble on the Chapter 4 paragraph, because you have to
call it "Chapter 3's design".  Bleah.

Better if you don't say  "I will consider".  You should already have
considered it.   Better would be "Chapter 5 explores one such
limitation in depth..."

Again the "we" vs. "I" think shows up on page 19.

Don't go into 3 levels of hierarchy.  Two levels of hierarchy is
almost too much. Three is definitely too much.  Consider Chapter 2:
  intro par
  2.1 four old things
    Don't number the four old things as 2.1.1, 2.1.2, and so forth.
  2.2 four new things
  2.3 some (other) things
(and page 31 talks about what will occur in Section
4.4.4.  Bleah)
I would try to get it down to no numbering within the chapter.  I
would be happy if it went to only subsection numbers.  Use writing to
do the rest of the organization.

Come up with a better word than "things".  Something like "challenges"
would be better.

Chapter 2's title is not too good.  "Examples of Transactional
Programming" does not match the content, which is more like "The Good,
the Bad, and the Ugly of Transactions".

Chapter 3's title "Designing a Software Transaction System" makes no
sense to me.  What about this chapter is about designing a system.
This chapter is a mix of some measurements and some design choices.

Chapter 4: "Implementing" ?  This title also makes no sense to me.
This chapter i about a Java implementation.  Does it have a name?

Chapter 5:  Topic paragraph needs work.  What is Chapter 5 about?

Chapter 9:  I would flush it, and put all the content into the
introduction.

Why does your bib style waste so much margin space (on even-numbered
pages the left margin is close to 2", and the right margin is about
1.4".  As I recall the thesis requirements call for 1" margins.

I think it would be advantageous to Make the code examples be
single-spaced (especially in the appendix).  Also what are all those
#ifdef's doing in the code.  Can you simplify the presentation by
getting rid of unused cases?

I like the citation inverse index.  [2 citations on pages 129 and
130].  I would like it better if it were less verbose.  E.g.,
 [129, 130]
with an explanation at the beginning of the bibliography of what the
brackets are about.. 

I would either flush the index or beef it up.  Right now it is sad.
My inclination would be to flush it, since with searchable PDF, I
don't think that manually compiled indices are useful.  (Google does
it better...)
